
SPEC

New window:
"Who are you?"
"Name:" drop down field, like Google search field

New window:
"Please choose an option, %s:" name
Out:

1. Preview / edit / do a test ("Take a test")
2. Create a test
3. Delete a test
4. See user statistics

1. Preview / edit / do a test
New window:
"Please choose the test you would like to take:"
List of available tests, clicking on one takes user to next window.
Below this, "The highlighted test is the one you should do next."

Highlighted test is based primarily on test with lower score and secondarily on alphabetical sorting.

New window:
Two fields, showing first item in language A and first item in language B
Button "Next" that takes user to next item, and button "Edit"
or "All items previewed, go to beginning of list?"

Button "Back to list of tests"
Button "Take test", creates popup with options "German to English", "English to German" as radio buttons

New window:
Name of test
first field: uneditable, large
second field: editable, large, return to submit
"Completed: " number done
"Correct: " 
"Total: "
"Edit previous result" button
"Abort test" button

When test is finished, popup "You scored: " score, OK button
"Do test again" button (goes to preview)

2. New window
"Enter name of test:"
field, accept button
Unblocked when accept button clicked and test name accepted:
Pair fields labelled English then German with persisted swap button in the middle, accept button, "Number of entries: %d" number_of_entries
Batch import button, creates popup with "Enter filename:" field, German to English, English to German as radio button,
below "Fields must be separated with a '|'".
Finish button

4. See user statistics
New window:
"Please choose an option:"
a. "See all tests taken in chronological order"
b. "Show scores for each test in chronological order"

"Reset statistics for %s" name

CODE DESIGN

class user:
    name
    running_score
    (test, scores) list

class test:
	name
	(German, English) list
	number of pairs

class batch_import:
    
	
DATABASE DESIGN

Table tests: (test ID, testname) list
Table users: (user ID, username) list
Tables test: (test ID, German, English) list
Table user: (user ID, test ID, score, timestamp) list